SMART REFRIGERATOR:
Genarally a refrigerator which consisting of a high programmed modern techiniques is called smart refrigerator.
Here, we are going to see working and essential parts of smart refrigerator.
Smart refrigerator having well developed features such as it consisting of internal cameras which is used to display all items in the fridge,
it is higly secured which is connected to internet with wifi facilty,we need to keep unique password for our refrigerator 
so no one can open the fridge without our permission.and not only these there are many features which are installed in smart fridge,
it will connect to our mobile,so withthat it sends the notifications to us whether the items are expired or it may be out of stock.
we can send information to our fridge when we are out of home.
And there will be a calender wise shedule for the usage of our items it consider date and time for every item.
It consisting of sensors, it automatically opens the door when we are there and it automatically close door tightly if we didnt push the door 
properly.
And our fridge can also be hacked by anyone so we must aware of that.
AND we can see tv also from our kitchen on the fridge.
Smart fridge can also have option to heat the water so it gives hot water and cool water just we need to adjust the temperature according to our 
need.
Note : All smart refrigerators wont have same features there might be different features according to it.
We need to create our separate profile according to members in the family so it gives notifications according to that.
so it gets updates day to day so it will be upadated day to day according to new modern technology.
We can operate the fridge frm our smart phone or tablet etc.
It looks up recipes and have fridge read the steps while you cook.
Create grocery list that sync to your smartphone in real time.
Use a white board option to leave messages for your family.
Transparent touch screens allows you to look inside the fridge without opening the door.
Alert you when the water filter needs to be changed.
Turn the ice maker on or off from your smartphone.
compressor is the heart of refrigerator and it is the actual part which does the coolin by making changes in pressure.
This is of about smart refrigerator.
